Next,
we are going to add an image to the quotation. The image that we
are going to add is the company logo image.
So in the addCompanyDetails method, let's add this code.
First,
read the image file data into a byte array. Next,
add the picture to the workbook.
The addMethod call is going to return the 0‑based
index of the picture in the workbook.
Next, create the drawing patriarch,
which is the top‑level or parent container for all shapes in a sheet. Then
create a client anchor with the help of a creation helper.
This is to add the picture shape inside, which you will place the picture.
Then in the anchor, you should specify the starting column where the picture
will start drawing its cell, and the starting row as well,
which means the top‑left corner position of the picture.
We'll give 10 and 2, respectively.
Then create the picture by passing in the anchor and the
picture index that you got before.
Finally, call this to auto‑resize the picture relative to its top‑left corner.
Now you're done. Save and run. You can see the local image added to the sheet like this.